# Graph API Helper Files

These files can be used to manage the access tokens and get various IDs to control and manage the FB graph API routes.

---

### Initiating environment variables

1. Go over to [developers.facebook.com](https://developers.facebook.com/apps/839738336925481/dashboard/?business_id=619079035363503)->settings to get the client_id, client_secret and graph_version.
2. Endpoint_base is the [https://graph.facebook.com/v11.0/](https://graph.facebook.com/v11.0/)
3. the page_id, ig_account_id and access_token can be generated by using the following helper files.

### Installing dependencies

Make sure you have npm and node installed in your system. If so, run the command:

```
npm install axios
```
Only this dependency is enough to run these files. They can be executed vis command `node <filename>.js`

---

## access_token.js

_Returns : short-lived access token from FB graph API_

Use this to generate the short lived access token from the FB graph API. These tokens are valid for a day. They can later be used to generate the long lived access token.

### Usage

1. Run this file to generate the short lived access token.
2. Copy the result and paste it into the access_token environment variable

---

## long_live_access_token.js

_Returns : long lived access token from FB graph API_

Use this file to generate the long lived access token. This token are valid for 3 months. Make sure you have the short lived access token before proceeding. Else run the access_tokn.js first.

### Usage

1. Run this file to generate the long lived access token.
2. Copy the result and paste it into the access_token environment variable

---

## page_id.js

_Returns : FB page info and ID_

Use this file to get the Facebook business page ID and info. This can be used while calling various insights from the FB page. Make sure you have the access token initialized before using this.

### Usage

1. Run this file. It will printout the FB page info and category.
2. Copy the page_id and paste it into the page_id environment variable

---

## account_id.js

_Returns : IG account info and ID_

Use this file to get the Instagram business account ID and info. This can be used while calling various insights from the IG account. Make sure you have the access token initialized before using this.

### Usage

1. Run this file. It will printout the IG page info and ID.
2. Copy the account_id and paste it into the account_id environment variable